# Meeting Week 7

 Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date: | 26-03-2024 |
| Time: | 13:45 |
| Location: | DW Project Room 4 |
| Chair | Bas Bruijnis |
| Minute Taker | Nguyen Cao Minh |
| Attendees | Jochem Kralt, Jakub Florek, Kiarash Karimi, Rares Patrut |


### Agenda items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)

- Announcements by the TA 

- **Talking Points:** (Review+Updates/ Discuss/ Decision Making)
  - How is everyone doing, What are the impressions after last weeks tasks, Is everyone finished with their work? (6 min)
    - Payment/Debt calculations, template files and mock data removed, websockets, languages, fixed bugs (Participants and Expenses) admin, accessibility assignment, pop-ups removed, ... more?
  - Present the current progress to the TA (4 min)
  - Assignments: How did accessibility go? This week draft for Product Pith (Get TA Feedback). Code Contributions and Code Reviews is coming up, are we ready? (5 min)
  - MR Groups (2 min)
  - Testing, What has been done/What needs to be done (dependency injection w/Mockito for example) (3 min)
  - Decide the progress for next week (17 min)  
    - Current open issues
    - New issues
      - Based on Product Backlog
      - New Design by Minh?

- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (2 min)
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (1 min)
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did we mis -estimate? (1 min)
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (1 min)
- Closure (1 min)
